All right, now it's time for us to start writing the code.
But before I start writing the code, I'm going to quickly show you the MCP server connectivity to a
client.
Right?
So we need to have a client which is going to connect to the server that we are going to be building.
And the server is nothing but the one that we are going to be writing over here.
And the client is going to be any one of the client can be a cloud desktop, it can be a cursor, it
can be a Visual Studio Code, GitHub Copilot or raw IDE.
Whatever it is, you can use any of these as a as a client.
And in here I'm going to quickly show you one of the client, which is the cloud desktop.
We already saw about this in a demonstration.
But I'm going to quickly show you one more time.
So this is the cloud desktop that I have already installed over here.
And you can see that we have got some, uh, some tools, which is the sorry, the servers over here,
the playwright server and the SQLite, which is the database MCP server.
These are the two MCP servers I have got.
And each of these servers has got a lot of different tools.
This is the same kind of similar kind of tools that we have written in our Lang chain earlier with the
Add Tools annotation the same exact thing.
There is no big difference.
And guess what?
Because we'd also be doing some testing.
The testing side of things are also going to be coming up over here.
For example, if you're going to be writing your own playwright MCP server, we're going to be building
in this particular course anyways.
I'll show you how easy it is while we do everything with the fast.
MCP and I have configured these two MCP server from our GitHub repository, just go to the GitHub repository.
We have got this MCP database server as well as the MCP playwright which is actually doing those things.
So basically in the MCP database server you need to configure MCP server using this particular path.
And the thing is these MCP servers at the moment are written using NodeJS.
That's why we are using the command as NP.
And the arguments are with hyphen y and the at zero automation slash database server.
And because this is already deployed on the npm package, that's the reason why it's just going to pull
it from there automatically.
Right.
That's what it's really happening over here.
The same thing goes for the MCP playwright as well, because even the playwright MCP is deployed on
the uh, on the node.
Uh, sorry, NPM, and that's the reason why you can actually able to get it from this particular command.
But because we are going to be using Python and fast MCP for that matter, we are going to need a different
way to configure that over here.
And I will show you while we start configuring it.
But don't worry about it for now.
This is what we're going to be doing.
If I go back to the client, which is the cloud desktop over here, and if I want to show you like how
I have configured this particular, uh, cloud desktop in the settings, if I go to this settings developers,
you see that we have got two MCP servers up and running, the playwright and the SQL Lite, and these
two I have configured, if I'm going to go and click the edit configuration, it's going to show me
a window over here.
And if I'm going to open with a windsurf you should see that this is the uh two configuration, the
two servers configuration that I have made, the MCP servers configuration that I have made.
And as I told you, the MCP server as I mean two or more MCP servers can be communicating with your,
uh, client, which is the cloud desktop over here.
Without any hesitation.
It can just work fine without any problem, right?
That's what we are going to be doing as well.
We're going to be building a simple calculator in this particular demonstration.
And then we'll see how we can, uh, connect that simple calculator with the cloud desktop, which is
the client.
And then we'll see how the large language model can invoke these tools, like how it did the invocation
using the AI agents, which we discussed in our earlier sections of this course, where we automatically
invoked the add tool or subtract tool or multiplication tool using the power of the AI agent.
That's exactly the same thing we're going to be doing over here, and you will see how easy it is while
we work with the model context protocol, pretty much similar to long chain, to be honest.
So we'll see how we can do that.
Well, as it said over here, I'm going to start writing a basic code.
To be honest, it's really, really basic code.
So the way I'm going to write this code is I'm going to start creating a file over here.
I'm going to call this as simple calculator dot pi.
That's it right.
And over here we need to import the package which is going to be from I'm going to say MCP dot.
See that once I do that it's automatically recognizing which is amazing.
And I'm going to say server Dot.
And there is something called as fast MCP which is pretty cool.
So we are writing things in the fast MCP here.
And I'm going to import the fast MCP class.
And that's the first invocation that we have to.
And then I'm going to say MCP, which is the MCP server that we are going to be creating.
So this is the place where I'm actually going to create the fast MCP server.
So I'm going to say fast MCP.
And over here I'm going to name this particular server so I can name whatever that I wanted to.
So I'm going to say simple calculator for that matter like that.
And let's give this this is the place where I invoke this server.
So this is already an MCP server for you, but without any tool.
So there is no tool whatsoever.
Uh, so you you can't just use this.
It's just like it's just like an server which we have defined in order to run this particular MCP server,
all you have to do it is, uh, you just have to say MCP dot run.
But you need to call this run method inside a main method because the main is what is going to trigger.
Right.
So you're going to say if the name is equal to.
Main something like that, then do the MCP run.
So this is going to run the MCP server that we have created this guy.
Right.
So now if I run this code I'm going to say uh Python sorry Python and simple calculator dot pi.
See nothing is really happening at the moment, but it is running the, uh, the MCP server for us over
here.
You can add some, uh, description, maybe print over here, and then you can say, um, MCP server
is running and then you can say simple calculator, MCP server is running.
And now I'm just going to close it, then run it back.
You see that.
It's going to show you that simple calculator MCP server is running right.
That shows that this is already running in loop.
Now you can connect this MCP server from the cloud desktop.
It's just going to work, but it's not going to do anything because there is no tooling whatsoever.
The next step we're going to do is we need to add the toolings, which we are going to do in our next
lecture of this course.
But you already got the idea how easy it is.
Guess what guys?
If I wanted to do the exact same thing with the NodeJS version, it is, to be honest, very very hard.
I'll tell you how that really works.
I'm going to copy this code, go to the cloud desktop, and I'm going to go to the chat over here.
And I'm going to say can you write this fast MCP code written in Python into a node version?
And I'm going to paste that over here.
And if I'm going to run this, you will notice that the boilerplate code just kicks in with the node
JS.
It is to be honest, it's very big.
See how how it is.
So you need to define a model context protocol.
So this is the SDK that you've got to be using it over here.
Um like that.
And then you need to use the studio or the studio server transport which is basically for the I o operation
that you are doing.
This is where you define the server and its capabilities.
And then you also need to define the main method.
And this is the place where you call the main method and things.
But but guess what?
This is how you need to do all of these over here.
I have not added any toolings, but the moment I add the toolings I will show you how complex it is.
I'm going to just hold this window for you and I will show you how complex it is when you start writing
the Toolings.